{"id":"UW85SF","messages":[{"timestamp":"14:58:39","text":"Hello, I'm your writing assistant, and I'm here to support your writing. Use my words whenever you feel stuck or need help with wording. You may copy and paste into your text on the left as many words and sentences as you like from my responses.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:00:18","text":"When I was at university, I was the head of a group of students (postgraduate) which led a conference and a series of seminars.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:00:18","text":"When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:01:06","text":"The group was led during covid, and so it was quite difficult to organise, as people were very insular.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:01:06","text":"The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:01:33","text":"The previous year it had been led by someone who was very proud of their record.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:01:33","text":"The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:02:22","text":"They had done a sound job of organising the seminar series in particular which I had attended, and had always been vocal in.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:02:22","text":"They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:03:15","text":"By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favourbly to be the future of the group. ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:03:15","text":"By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:04:09","text":"Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties which were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:04:09","text":"Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:05:35","text":"When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this we're a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:05:35","text":"When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:06:36","text":"When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite saying they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blase like they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:06:36","text":"When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:08:11","text":"This coordinator role had been ran fantastically in the previous year, and when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the free position, and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been so proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:08:11","text":"This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:09:31","text":"I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions, and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:09:31","text":"I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:10:59","text":"This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organised person who is capable of making people motivated and when I did get that furious reaction I stepped into support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar programme was good.","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:10:59","text":"This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lackluster coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:13:01","text":"I think I had come to expect more of people studying at PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the 'top of their game'/","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:13:01","text":"I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centered, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:15:09","text":"I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me, and I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally, they were hurt that something they were so proud of, had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:15:09","text":"I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:15:32","text":"Does my story fit the brief? ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:15:32","text":"Yes, your story reflects a specific past experience where you harmed another person and believe your action was morally wrong. It details the challenges you faced as the head of a group of postgraduate students during a difficult time and how your lack of effort in selecting a motivated team led to issues within the group. You demonstrate self-awareness and empathy towards the person who was affected by your actions, ultimately leading to a positive outcome in your relationship with them. Overall, your story fits the brief well.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:15:55","text":"Add in a conclusion for me ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:15:55","text":"In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavors.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:16:34","text":"is there any stats about phd students and their feelings? ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:16:34","text":"According to a study published by Nature Biotechnology in 2020, it was found that mental health issues were prevalent among Ph.D. students, with depression and anxiety rates being significantly higher than the general population. The study also revealed that Ph.D. students often faced high levels of stress, competition, and isolation, which could contribute to feelings of burnout and emotional exhaustion. Additionally, a report by the Royal Society highlighted that feelings of imposter syndrome, loneliness, and pressure to succeed were common among Ph.D. students. These statistics shed light on the challenges and emotional struggles that many Ph.D. students may face during their academic journey.","sender":"chatbot"},{"timestamp":"15:17:44","text":"Are you happy with my work? ","sender":"user"},{"timestamp":"15:17:44","text":"Yes, I am happy with the work you have done. You have effectively incorporated the feedback and have created a comprehensive and reflective piece that addresses the specific past experience where you harmed another person and believed your action was morally wrong. Your narrative is detailed, introspective, and concludes with valuable insights and lessons learned from the experience. Well done!","sender":"chatbot"}],"editor":[{"timestamp":"14:58:52","text":"<p>When</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:52","text":"<p>When I</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:53","text":"<p>When I was</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:53","text":"<p>When I was at</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:57","text":"<p>When I was at university,</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:57","text":"<p>When I was at university, I</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:59","text":"<p>When I was at university, I led</p>"},{"timestamp":"14:58:59","text":"<p>When I was at university, I led a</p>"},{"timestamp":"15:01:12","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:01:41","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated.The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:02:28","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record.They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:03:22","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in.By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:04:16","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:05:43","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead.When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:06:44","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way.When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:08:20","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:09:40","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group.I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:11:05","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:13:08","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lackluster coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:15:21","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:07","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:49","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:51","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:51","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:52","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this,</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:53","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this,</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:53","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:55","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:56","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:16:58","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about what</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:01","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:01","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:03","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:05","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:06","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:08","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded,</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:08","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:09","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:11","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:12","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:12","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to think</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:13","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to think about</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:17","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to think about wider</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:17:19","text":"<p><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to think about wider statisitcs.</span></p>"},{"timestamp":"15:18:12","text":"<h3><span style=\"background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); color: rgb(51, 51, 51);\">When I was at university, I was the head of a group of postgraduate students who organized a conference and a series of seminars. The group was led during the COVID-19 pandemic, making it quite challenging to organize as people were very isolated. The previous year, the group had been led by someone who was very proud of their record. They had done a sound job of organizing the seminar series, which I had attended and always been vocal in. By the end of the year, I seemed to be pushed or at least looked favorably to be the future of the group. Although I was self-funded and probably shouldn't have taken on duties that were not going to pay me, I still believed it was a good thing to try and lead. When I took over, however, it became clear that the people supporting me to lead this were a lot busier than they were in the previous year, and I was not able to motivate them in the same way. When someone took on a coordinator position, they thought they would be paid for this and despite being told they wouldn't be, they seemed slightly blasé as if they would eventually be paid and took on the role anyway. This coordinator role had been run fantastically in the previous year. However, when the new coordinator became disenchanted by the unpaid position and was overall not very coordinated, the person who had been proud of their work in the previous year seemed to be furious at me as the leader of the group. I know I wasn't directly to blame for someone else's actions and their lack of coordination, but at the same time, I did feel morally wrong for not putting in as much effort as I could to select a team who would understand their roles and who would be motivated to do well despite no pay. This is not really like me, as I am an otherwise extremely organized person who is capable of making people motivated. When I did receive that furious reaction, I stepped in to support the lacklustre coordinator and ensure the rest of the seminar program was successful. I think I had come to expect more of people studying at the PhD level, but often they can be quite self-centred, and probably, in some ways, have to be, if they want to keep at the top of their game. I am fortunate that after I atoned for my actions more directly, I did eventually become close friends with the person who had not been happy with me. I understand why they felt I had done something wrong, perhaps morally. They were hurt that something they were so proud of had been ruined through disorganization. I think my empathy toward this situation is actually what allowed us to speak more frankly about the difficulties of our PhD and other life affairs. In conclusion, reflecting on the experience of leading a group of postgraduate students during challenging times has allowed me to recognize the impact of my actions on others. While I initially struggled to motivate the team and select individuals who were committed to their roles, I have learned the importance of taking responsibility for ensuring clarity and cohesion within a group. Through acknowledging my mistakes, atoning for my actions, and building empathy towards those affected, I have grown both personally and professionally. This experience has taught me valuable lessons in leadership, teamwork, and the importance of considering the well-being of others in all my future endeavours. Reflecting on this, and thinking about why this situation might have unfolded, it is important to think about wider statisitcs. According to a study published by Nature Biotechnology in 2020, it was found that mental health issues were prevalent among Ph.D. students, with depression and anxiety rates being significantly higher than the general population. The study also revealed that Ph.D. students often faced high levels of stress, competition, and isolation, which could contribute to feelings of burnout and emotional exhaustion. Additionally, a report by the Royal Society highlighted that feelings of imposter syndrome, loneliness, and pressure to succeed were common among Ph.D. students. These statistics shed light on the challenges and emotional struggles that many Ph.D. students may face during their academic journey.</span></h3>"}]}